[DependencyInjection] Add `#[Autoconfigure]` to help define autoconfiguration rules (#39804)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Contracts/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

> 2.4.0
> -----
> 
>  * added `Service\Attribute\Auto*` to help define autoconfiguration rules for PHP 8
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.4
---

 * Add `Service\Attribute\Auto*` to help define autoconfiguration rules for PHP 8

```
